a shock result to close out day seven as
Leon suffered eternal home defeat to
this year on down the border Bordeaux's
first came in the 65th minute when
Burton white Rommel eNOS is relatively
tame shot deflected off dead on LeBron
and looped a rumor Kootra to make it one
nil Leon had a gold controversy
disallowed shortly afterwards before
Bordeaux met internal eight minutes from
time shag dear Bertie rising high to
head her over the couch and cap of
miserable evening for the hosts an even
bigger shop came in the north where
Marceau's excellent defensive record so
far this season was blown apart by
valance en guy al danik followed up his
superb 16th minute free-kick with an
assist for Antony leitao to now after 34
minutes it was only going to get worse
for Le Beau after this incredible error
from keeper Steve Mandanda food kadir
sliding home Valentin's third a second
full entire can balance Ian's fourth
came in the 63rd minute after a pinpoint
cross from kadir
anybo didn't mince his words it's in the
federal order me it was a heavy defeat
the gang was over after the first half
you know a three and you're down of the
break that's a lot of ground to make up
we conceded early after a bad start then
after the first goal we had some chances
to get back into the gap Barbara knew it
was a consolation goal for Jordan Ayew
in injury time but this was a disastrous
start to a busy week for mrsa
directions were were two losses rising
star Wisam Benedict and his fifth goal
of the season in Ligue 1 the superb solo
effort been in the flux defender mantis
one year before sweeping the patio
interim to put to lose one nila in 22
year old described his go up to the
match
galliford look to my left so that was no
support so I just decided to go to thank
you I did what I have to do first step
over than a nice Demi so it's not a
finish which folders in front you want
blood you pee on by the white key
village films a miserable afternoon for
twat summed up nicely here javi I
Thiago's attempted clearance rebounded
off the manual room yet and over to our
tools
good Montpelier finally be up and
running this season two fine strike
smart on the arrow help the champions
occur internal win away to Nancy the
first from younes belhanda and this
second unstoppable strike from Superman
kumara in the 90th minute only
Montpelier second one of the campaigns
nice with five drawers and seven games
rarely lose but can't seem to win either
they took the lead at home to Buster
through Dario committed ten minutes
later as in perms you wrote rockin
free-kick brought bastyr level nice then
restored their leave just before the
hour mark through Renato she Mele but
bats do have some experience going
behind and former nice man antenna
modest equalized to put an end to the
Corsicans run of four straight defeats
Lori on remain unbeaten in league one in
spite of a below-par performance away to
every hunter on gaia behind after only
eight minutes thanks to this girl from
saber Khalifa Christian guzmán never
gave up hope they eventually put one
back four minutes from time 0 Ludovic
Giuly dummy cheers to new providing the
finish
after the match God cuff was unequivocal
it was food world barely a football
match tonight we were asleep during the
first 15 minutes and they managed to get
in front even though we were expecting a
tough game in terms of football that
really wasn't much to see there was a
total lack of stability it's just not
the kind of football I enjoy in these
cases we take a point and you look ahead
to the next guy what you possible
mattress you there were 45,000
spectators present at Parc de paz to
witness the Renaissance of one Kevin
Gameiro and his first start to the
season two girls for the French
international his first one coming after
a neat chipboard from pastora and the
second after a long series of passes
common etiquette across from Maxwell to
the lab after 33 minutes Paris were
content to take their foot off the
accelerator
perhaps in touch one advanced might've
hurt meanwhile sochaux had a chance or
two of their own this shop from Roy Cohn
to nonetheless comfortably gathered by
syra goo a regulations who know when for
parents and though it wasn't a champagne
performance notably from him brahim a
bitch Angelotti focused on the positives
amore Guam it was a good win and a good
match especially in the first half i
think we've played with more intensity
with more efficiency and then in the
second half we controlled the marsh
there maybe wasn't as much intensity
book we control things well we didn't
have any problems defensively the key
today I think was just the start of the
game where we combined very well upfront
isolated in a little bit early module
the terrible combination the opening
game of day sevens or Neil travel to ren
conspired plenty of opportunities such
as this effort from normal the
northerners couldn't find a way through
and were made to regret it when Jonathan
and papas 64 minutes shot felt kind of
Virginia unfairly to put the hosts one
nila substitute Roman Allison really
followed up with this torpedo which sank
Nils hopes
back into the game I ternal defeat which
will have done little to prepare lil for
their trip to Valencia and the week
there's no hiding from it you know we're
struggling we're in a rough patch the
only solution is just to keep working
keep our heads up because you know we've
got a lot of important matches on the
world the schedule for day eight see
Santa Dee Ann and Nancy open proceedings
on Friday night well on Sunday don't
miss out on two key top table clashes
Laurie on versus Leon at 5pm followed by
the highly anticipated classic om PSG at
9pm